c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.pdb
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
c:\users\natasapetrov\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll.config
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.pdb
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
G:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll.config
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.pdb
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
J:\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll.config
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\ActionMailerNext.Mvc5.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\ActionMailerNext.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.pdb
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\ActionMailerNext.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
G:\N\pronadji\PronadjiUBanovcima\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll.config
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\ActionMailerNext.Mvc5.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\ActionMailerNext.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.pdb
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\ActionMailerNext.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.dll
D:\PUB\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests\obj\Debug\PronadjiUBanovcima.Tests.pdb
